Monorepo Beta 3 Releases (#2122)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/block/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 4.0.0-beta.3 - 2022-08-10

Beta 3 release for the upcoming breaking release round on the [EthereumJS monorepo](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo) libraries, see the Beta 1 release notes for the main long change set description as well as the Beta 2 release notes for notes on some additional changes ([CHANGELOG](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/blob/master/packages/block/CHANGELOG.md)).

### Merge Hardfork Default

> Since the Merge HF is getting close we have decided to directly jump on the `Merge` HF (before: `Istanbul`) as default in the underlying `@ethereumjs/common` library and skip the `London` default HF as we initially intended to set (see Beta 1 CHANGELOG), see PR [#2087](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2087).

Author: Will also not commit here for consistency.

> This means that if this library is instantiated without providing an explicit `Common`, the `Merge` HF will be set as the default hardfork and the behavior of the library changes according to up-to-`Merge` HF rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if this library is instantiated without providing an explicit `Common`, the `Merge` HF will be set as the default hardfork and the library will behave according to the HF rules up to the `Merge`. 
```
I had to re-read the sentence to understand the last part, perhaps this is clearer?
